Get started docs improvements (#12230)
docker/docker.github.io: get-started/08_using_compose.md

    view the logs for a specific service, you can add the service name to the end of the logs command (for example,
    `docker-compose logs -f app`).

> >**Pro tip**  Waiting for the DB before starting the app

Reviewer: I think we can keep the "pro tip"

Author: Believe this is the only section where we have Pro tips. I'd be inclined to use "Note" instead for consistency.

Reviewer: We have `Tip:` in a couple of places (e.g. https://docs.docker.com/config/containers/logging/configure/)

I think a "note" is more to highlight / go further into details of a change/example, whereas a "tip" is slightly more "consider this" (but not required to do, so "ok to skip" when reading)

>     >**Waiting for the DB before starting the app**
>     >
>     >When the app is starting up, it actually sits and waits for MySQL to be up and ready before trying to connect to it. Docker doesn't have any built-in support to wait for another container to be fully up, running, and ready before starting another container. For Node-based projects, you can use the [wait-port](https://github.com/dwmkerr/wait-port){:target="_blank" rel="noopener" class="_"} dependency. Similar projects exist for other languages/frameworks.
> 

Reviewer: Looks like this was un-wrapped;

```suggestion
    > **Pro tip: wait for the DB before starting the app**
    >
    > When the app is starting up, it actually sits and waits for MySQL to be up
    > and ready before trying to connect to it. Docker doesn't have any built-in
    > support to wait for another container to be fully up, running, and ready
    > before starting another container. For Node-based projects, you can use
    > the [wait-port](https://github.com/dwmkerr/wait-port){:target="_blank" rel="noopener" class="_"}
    > dependency. Similar projects exist for other languages/frameworks.

```
